The Truth about Learning Neural Networks 1 The brain is
a network of connections between neurons 2 The brain contains
a large number of glial cells that do not generate
electrical signals and lack the developmental potential of neurons 3
Information in the brain is not isolated but interconnected 4
Everything you learn is useful and everything you learn is
interconnected 5 All scientists have hobbies unrelated to their well-known
field 6 Metcalfe's Law The value of individual nodes in
a network is proportional to the square of the total
number of nodes 7 The truth about learning is 1
The more you learn the better because everything you learn
is useful 2 The more you learn the more valuable
the knowledge you have already acquired becomes 3 The more
you learn the easier faster and more effortless learning becomes
8 Avoiding premature specialization